[MUSIC]
Functions can be called with arguments or
parameters.
Arguments are basically
input data to the function.
So in my test function that I
did in the last set of slides,
it didn't have any arguments.
It just printed something,
it didn't need any input data.
But often, functions require
input data to process on.
So those input datas,
you call those arguments.
A function can take arguments, which are
values that are bound to variables inside
the program at execution time.
So any arguments that you want to
pass as information to the function,
you list them inside the parenthesis
when you make the function call.
And also inside parentheses when you're
doing definition of the function, so
we'll see that here.
So say, I wanna define something
that computes the area of a circle.
So I say, def circle_area.
Now if you wanna compute the area
of a circle that's pi r squared,
where r is radius.
So I have to take an argument,
you can't figure out the area of
a circle without knowing the radius.
So I'm gonna make radius an argument,
I call it rad here.
So I put rad in parentheses to say,
look this function has to take one
argument, which I will call rad.
Then inside it, I just say print 3.14,
which is approximately
pi times rad times rad.
My simple version,
that's pi rad squared r squared.
And so when I run that,
when I want to execute that.
I call the function circle_area,
I pass it 2 as an argument.
That's the radius I want.
I put 2 inside the parenthesis and then it
computes it and prints out the results.
So that's how you pass
arguments to functions.
So you have to define it in
the definition, you name the argument.
And then at run time that two,
when you call circle area capacity two,
that two will be bound to rad.
That variable red and so two will be rad.
So it will print out 3.14 times 2 times 2,
it will substitute the 2 in for the rad.
Now functions in addition
to taking input values,
they can also return output values.
Those are called return values.
So function can return values if you
use a return instruction at the end of
the function.
And notice on my last program,
I didn't use return I said, print,
which just prints it to the screen.
That's different than returning a value.
Returning a value,
when you return a value,
the whole function call is substituted for
whatever the return value is inside
whatever expression you
use the function call.
So if you use the function call
inside a bigger expression.
So if I say, x plus 5 plus circle_area and
I call it with a 2,
then it'll compute with
the circle areas with a two.
If I return that,
it'll substitute that in.
So, it'll do 5 plus whatever
the return value is.
So, I'll give you an example.
So I got my circle_area, I define it.
And this time, I say, return.
Return 3.14 * rad * rad.
Now I say circle_area (2).
If I just call circle_area (2),
it returns 12.56.
But if I say, a 3 plus circle_area (2),
it return 15.56,
because it just takes a whatever
circle_area (2) returns and
it substitute the grade in
there into a bigger expression.
3 plus circle_area (2).
So 3 plus 12.56 and the return is 15.56.
So that's a return value and
that's useful a lot of times.
Thank you.
[MUSIC]